# Earnings_Manipulation_prediction

**Summary of the case study:**   
MCA Technology Solutions Private Limited was founded in Bangalore in 2015 with the goal of fusing business with technology and analytics. Customer intelligence, forecasting, optimization, risk assessment, web analytics, text mining, and cloud solutions are the areas where MCA Technology Solutions assisted its clients. MCA technology solutions' risk assessment sector focused on issues including credit scoring and fraud detection. A commercial bank asked Sachin Kumar, Director at MCA Technology Solutions to help them identify earnings manipulators among the bank's customers. The bank provided business loans to small and medium enterprises and the value of loan ranged from INR 10 million to 500 million. The bank had a suspicion that some of its clients were engaging in earnings manipulation to improve their chances of getting a loan. Saurabh Rishi, the chief data scientist at MCA Technologies was assigned the task of developing a use case for predicting earnings manipulations. He was aware of models for anticipating earnings manipulations, such as Benford's law and the Beneish model, but he was unsure of how well they performed, particularly in the context of India. Using the data downloaded from the Prowess database maintained by the Centre of Monitoring Indian Economy(CMIE), Saurabh made the decision to create his own model for predicting earnings manipulations. Daniel obtained data on income manipulators from the Lexis Nexis database and the Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI). To create the model, data on more than 1200 companies was gathered. In comparison to other traditional models like the Beneish model, which is used to anticipate earnings manipulation, MCA Technology believed that machine learning algorithms may provide greater accuracy.
